So in the last what do we selected a slice of our state to output this list of recipes.
Now want to handle the case that we clicked on one of these recipes.
So over in recipe detail here we'll listen to the roud parents change which is still fine you don't
have to use NGO or X for debt but then we reach out to get recipe to get the recipe we want to load
in this component.
Well nothing easier than handling that.
First of all let's turn recipe here into recipes state and set the type to observable which you again
need to import from our eggs.
Yes.
Slash observables so make sure to add this.
Import and then next to fine which kind of state this will give you back so we can import this as from
recipe from our recipe producers fall.
And here to stay just as before will be from recipe state because this will be the slice of the state
of the overall application state we select.
So here we can simply say this recipe state is therefore equal to this store.
We already inject that here.
Select and now recipe's.
Now you see we get an error here because our store as we set it up here from app uses the app state
from our app reducer file here and there we only know a shopping list and off because the recipe is
the recipe portion of our state is injected dynamically.
How can we solve this.
We can easily fix it by going to our recipe reducer and there we have our feature state right now what
if we simply let this interface extend our App State interface so you import everything as from app
from my
application stores or from the app reducers file.
And I extend from app App State.
Now this means that this interface of course also still has the recipes state.
We set up here but it gets old.
All the properties of our app state.
So as soon as this module gets injected does interface type here basically is aware of the application
state as well as the feature state.
We add the feature state here and we implicitly also get the whole application state.
This allows us to go back to the recipe detail and change the type of the state here from app App State
to from recipe feature state.
However keep in mind this still extends the app state so the part down here where we dispatch something
on our global state.
So on our main st. on the shopping list state in this case will still work.
So this will still work.
Now with that we can select the recipes slice and assign it to the recipe state.
We can see that we broke something though because we need to know what the current recipe is to use
that when we dispatch add ingredients.
Now we can fix this by simply getting a slice of the state down here too.
So this store select recipes.
Now we should take one to only get one event and thereafter stop listening to it and then subscribe
to that take one to make sure this doesn't fire on every state change but only once so now this will
give us the recipes and now we subscribe get our recipes state which will be of type from recipe state.
Now we can simply dispatch inside here simply dispatch recipes state not this recipe state but instead
the recipe state we have in your and then recipes this ID ingredients.
So that's a bit hard to read.
Let me bring this into a new line recipe state simply is selected from our total state.
With this select method here and take one to only get it once and then we get all the rest of his.
We store the ID so the ID we have encoded in the U R L in this property.
This now allows me to select the correct recipe from that array and then access the ingredients and
we select the overall recipes state here which allows me to now go to the HDMI component and use it
here.
So here we could say recipe state async because this is an observable of course.
And then once this was resolved recipe's ID image pop.
Because keep in mind recipe's state refers to this state here so it has a recipe's property which of
course is an array.
So we need to get one specific element which we can get wildy ID which is stored here and now then the
image path.
And of course you could also follow different routes where you simply select a recipe here at the start.
Store it in a recipe propertied the whole class and then you that.
I just want to show different approaches definitely use the one you enjoy the most.
So all exchanges everywhere where be access recipe here.
All down there and down there and let's now see if that works as it should.
So we've got the recipes loaded let me click on the schnitzel.
Looks pretty good to me.
This seems to work.
Let's try adding the ingredients to the shopping list and head over to the shopping list.
Looks good to me too.
So that is working.
Let's edit one more time to just see that really works.
Looks really good.
So this is all working as expected.
Now let's make sure that we can not only do there a detailed recipe but we can also delete it here we
would call delete recipe.
Well this should be simple.
All we have to do is we have to call store dispatch and now import our recipe actions so import everything
as recipe actions from our store here.
Recipe actions as a side note you can get rid of the unused imports year tiap reducers and the recipe
model here.
What I want to do is I want to dispatch a new recipe action delete recipe here use the class constructor
and we have to pass the payload.
The idea we're storing in this component anyways.
So now let's save this to see if it works.
So go back click on the schnitzel and click on The Lead it's gone.
And just to check if it really works.
Let's see if I can sign in and fetch it again.
This doesn't work.
But that's no wonder because the fetching is something we haven't worked on yet that we target the right
action there.
We'll fix this soon before we do so though.
Let's work on the recipe added component to make sure we can all create new recipes or update existing
ones.